README.md, before:

## Source code and data files for *Variations in Non-Pharmaceutical Interventions by State Correlate with COVID-19 Disease Outcomes*

Annika J. Avery<sup>1</sup>, Jiayi Wang<sup>2</sup>, Xinyu Ma<sup>2</sup>, Qingkai Pan<sup>2</sup>, Elizabeth McGrady<sup>1</sup>, Zongyuan Yuan<sup>2</sup>, Yuqing Liang<sup>1</sup>, Rebecca Nugent<sup>2</sup>, Seema S. Lakdawala<sup>1,3</sup>*

1 – Department of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15219

2 – Department of Statistics and Data Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh PA, 15213

3 – Center for Vaccine Research, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15219

*Please reach out to: Lakdawala@pitt.edu with any questions. 
_________

#### Source code provided is to produce the following figures we created:

-state time series graphs

-overlapping time series graphs

-time lag graphs

-B-spline graphs 

#### Data files provided give the following datasets:




Use covid_K12_data.xlsx, covidUpdated_04162021.csv and USA_States_Data.csv to run the following:

Commit message:

Added license and repository info

README.md, after:

## Source code and data files for *Variations in Non-Pharmaceutical Interventions by State Correlate with COVID-19 Disease Outcomes*

Annika J. Avery<sup>1</sup>, Jiayi Wang<sup>2</sup>, Xinyu Ma<sup>2</sup>, Qingkai Pan<sup>2</sup>, Elizabeth McGrady<sup>1</sup>, Zongyuan Yuan<sup>2</sup>, Yuqing Liang<sup>1</sup>, Rebecca Nugent<sup>2</sup>, Seema S. Lakdawala<sup>1,3</sup>*

1 – Department of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15219

2 – Department of Statistics and Data Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh PA, 15213

3 – Center for Vaccine Research, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15219

*Please reach out to: Lakdawala@pitt.edu with any questions. 
_________

#### Repository information 
This repository was created to share data and source code from "Variations in Non-Pharmaceutical Interventions by State Correlate with COVID-19 Disease Outcomes", a PHIGHT COVID project publication. The code and data shared can be used to recreate the figures displaed in the paper and on our website: https://phightcovid.org/ 

#### License and Citation Information
We are committed to sharing our data for educational use, however, we ask that you attribute our data and keep in mind that this work is licensed under a GNU General Public License v3.0. See our [license](https://github.com/Lakdawala-Lab/PHIGHTCOVID_StNPI_Publ2021/blob/main/LICENSE) file in this Github repository.

Please cite our work as follows: 

#### Source code provided is to produce the following figures we created:

-static time series graphs (cases and deaths)

-interactive time series graphs (cases and deaths)

-overlapping time series graphs

-time lag graphs

-B-spline graphs 

#### Data files provided give the following datasets:

Use covid_K12_data.xlsx, covidUpdated_04162021.csv and USA_States_Data.csv to run the following:
